= Fedex Web Service

This is a ruby interface to the Fedex Web Services API. It's nowhere near complete and could use a lot of DRY'ing up, but I had an immediate need in a project I'm working on and thus began the gem.

Right now it only supports the address verification and shipping label APIs. Later, it will support the track and rate (among others) APIs.

== Dependencies
Dependencies for this gem are a WSDL issued by fedex. You'll also need to apply for and be blessed with a Fedex key, password, account number and meter number. While in development, you can get away with testing credentials but you'll need production credentials to go live.

Put wsdls in the lib/wsdl directory. That's where this looks for them.

Put your credentials in the config/fedex_config.yml file.

*Give yourself a month to get the production keys.* It won't take that long, but it's an arduous process requiring input from several levels of Fedex and your (clients) company.

== Generate fedex config file

Fedex has a TON of variables and instead of passing every permutation of label, originator address etc. into every call to print a label, the fedex_config.yml file can be read for a list of defaults.

*run script/generate fedex fedex_config*

config/fedex_config.yml will appear in your rails app and you can customize to taste.

== TODO
 *lots of coding
 *everything else
== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010-present bryce mcdonnell. See LICENSE for details.
